The moodie foodie
To promote this concept, our team worked round the clock for months  to introduce a unique and exciting platform to promote dining.

It is not sufficient to just tell people the benefits of dining. We have to give them good, practical reasons for trying it out, and it has to be simple, effective, and of course, enjoyable.

Moodie foodie  attempts this by closely working with restaurants and cafes to offer attractive  deals and cozy dining environments. Everyone loves good food and great bargains!

Our platform offers a structured, effective way for restaurants to promote themselves, with a proper showcase of their shop, menu, deals and outlets. Getting and using deal coupons are extremely simple, it only takes ONE single click —  online payment, advance planning,. Even your pet can do it. Eating is all about spontaneity, right?

The KindWords and KindMoment features are carefully crafted to encourage viral promotion of restaurants and the  dining experience, creatively leveraging on social media to strengthen the cause. Consumers can DOUBLE their deal discounts by sharing it on social media, and camwhore with the delicious food to show their friends (Malaysians LOVE taking photos of their food, perhaps even more than eating it).

Ultimately, it is a cycle of supply and demand. The more food lovers that try out such meals, the more encouraged restaurants are in introducing creative  menu items, which would in turn attract more people into compassionate dining.



*Who are we?
Launched in Delhi 1month ago, moodie foddie has grown from a home project to one of the largest food aggregators in the world. 
Meet our people

*Humality
we dont lose ourselves in pride or confidence during individual success.

*spark
we believe in ,stand for and are evangelists of our culture-both,within moodie foodie and externally with all our stakeholders.

*Judgement
its not our abilities that show who we truely are -its our choices.We aim to get these right.





 Founded in 2019,( Moodie Foodie) our commitment to premium ingredients, signature recipes, and family-friendly dining experiences.





Quote.It's good mood food.
       